We begin in the crowd of the [[Siegeball]] stadium. Belton does a little gambling and loses 100g. After, everyone goes to a theatrical performance and witness an orgy. We go to sleep and in the morning we head to see the [[Briny Widow]] to speak with the bartender about [[Verity Kye]]. We're told that she's been arrested an is being at the [[Astral Garrison]]. She is charged with the murder of "some doctor".

We head to the garrison. It is within a nice part of the city named [[Celastia]]. It's an enormous stone building made of stone and stands out against the rest of the city which is mostly made of compressed sand. We are informed that Verity is held by the "Order of [[Tyr]]" and are taken to her. [[Verity Kye]] is accused of the murder of [[Dr Fingus Donnel]]. She was found alone with the victim with blood on her hands. She claims that she saw the [[Demon Goons]] had attacked Fingus and stole an object. Fingus was killed and the demons disappeared, leaving [[Verity Kye]] to take the fall. Verity says that there was a witness, a student with a book on Planar languages with red hair.

We head to [[Varkenbluff University]] and are told that they have a planar languages department that has two professors. Belton perceives that the books needed for the course are at VarkenBluff Library C which is off campus. There's also a board with some names ([[Alred Jomaris]], [[Garrik Lorabella]], [[Elaria Windwhisper]], [[Hubert Brandywood]], [[Cori Goodwort]], [[Polo Goodwort]]) 

We head to [[Varkenbluff Library C]]. It's quite an old building, inside a quiet library. We are greeted by a fairly old female elf [[Raeala]]. She tries to turn us a way, but after explaining that we are trying to help the witness a Gnome [Golden Vault] from the dark invites us in to talk. A woman [[Elaria Windwhisper]] is encouraged to come out and speak with us. She says she saw a woman run into [[Dr Fingus Donnel]]'s office. Then she saw [[Dr Fingus Donnel]] with a sword in a chest and the [[Demon Goons]] had the [[Egg of Eldritch Horror]] and disappeared "to hell". [[Elaria Windwhisper]] asks us to guard her to the [[Order of Helm]] at the [[Astral Garrsion]]. Today is the official start of the festival, people dress up. We are told that they have plenty of parchment so we decide we can all dress up as mummies. 

We are ambushed by two tiefling assassins. We defeat the assassins, but [[Elaria Windwhisper]] was run off into the city.